---
layout: post
title: "TERMS OF USE"
author: "ANDY"
categories: [documentation]
image: 
permalink: /TERMS/
---

<script>
window.onload = function() {
  // Fix paths for Terms page
  document.querySelectorAll('.site-image, .icon').forEach(function(img) {
    if (img.src.indexOf('/assets/') > -1) {
      img.src = '/assets/img/' + img.src.split('/assets/')[1];
    }
  });
  
  // Load script.js manually
  var scriptElement = document.createElement('script');
  scriptElement.src = '/script.js';
  document.body.appendChild(scriptElement);
};
</script>

<br /> 
<h2 align="center">TERMS OF USE</h2>
<div align="justify">
<br /> 
Welcome to our website. By accessing and using this site, you agree to comply with the following Terms of Use. Please read them carefully.
<br /><br />
<b>1. Acceptance of Terms</b><br />
By using this site, you agree to all the terms and conditions outlined herein. If you disagree with any part of these Terms of Use, please refrain from using our website.
<br /><br />
<b>2. Intellectual Property</b><br />
All content available on this site, including text, images, graphics, and multimedia elements, is the property of its respective owners and is protected by intellectual property laws.
<br /><br />
<b>3. Use of the Website</b><br />
You are granted a limited, non-exclusive license to access and use this site for personal, non-commercial purposes only. Any unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.
<br /><br />
<b>4. Disclaimer</b><br />
This website is provided "as is" without any representations or warranties, express or implied. We do not guarantee the accuracy or reliability of any information on the site.
<br /><br />
<b>5. Limitation of Liability</b><br />
Under no circumstances shall we be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages arising from the use or inability to use this website.
<br /><br />
<b>6. Modifications</b><br />
We reserve the right to update or modify these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice. Continued use of the site constitutes your acceptance of any revised terms.
<br /><br />
</div>

<br />

<div align="center">
  <p>If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms of Use, please contact us at [contact@serendippo.me].</p>
</div>

<br /><br />
